document docker dangling container reaper (#6762)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/docs/drivers/docker.html.md

    * `container` - Defaults to `true`. This option can be used to disable Nomad
      from removing a container when the task exits. Under a name conflict,
      Nomad may still remove the dead container.
    * `dangling_containers` stanza for controlling dangling container detection
      and cleanup:

>       * `enabled` - Defaults to `true`). Enables dangling container handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `enabled` - Defaults to `true`. Enables dangling container handling.
```

>       * `dry_run` - Defaults to `false`. Enables a mode where nomad logs

Reviewer: s/nomad/Nomad -- or:

```md
       * `dry_run` - Defaults to `false`. Only log dangling containers without cleaning them up.
```

        potential dangling containers without killing them.
      * `period` - Defaults to `"5m"`.  A time duration that controls interval
        between Nomad scans for dangling containers.

>       * `creation_grace` - Defaults to `"5m"`.  A time duration that controls

Reviewer: Ugh, I don't know about my suggestion, but I'd love to document _why_ an operator might use this config. I think the answer is "probably never" so maybe keeping the documentation descriptive instead of prescriptive is fine.

Up to you; not a blocker.

```md
      * `creation_grace` - Defaults to `"5m"`. Grace period after a container is created during which the GC ignores it.
        Only used to prevent the GC from removing newly created containers before they are registered with the GC.
        Should not need adjusting higher but may be adjusted lower to GC more aggressively.
```

reasons, it is recommended to use full virtualization like
[QEMU](/docs/drivers/qemu.html).

## Caveats

### Dangling Containers

> Nomad 0.10.2 introduces a detector and a reaper for docker dangling containers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nomad 0.10.2 introduces a detector and a reaper for dangling Docker containers,
```

containers that Nomad starts yet does not manage or track. Though rare, they

> sometimes in very loaded clusters and lead to unexpectedly running services,

Reviewer: I feel like more than load can cause them (Nomad crashes, Nomad bugs, dockerd bugs), so maybe remove this phrase and get right to impact?

> sometimes in very loaded clusters

_clusters_ isn't really accurate here, since we binpack a cluster may be relatively idle while the few nodes that are tightly packed with allocs experience dangling containers.

potentially with stale versions.

> When docker daemon becomes unavailable as Nomad starts a task, it is possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Docker daemon becomes unavailable as Nomad starts a task, it is possible
```

> for Docker to successfully start the container and fails the API call with 500

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for Docker to successfully start the container but return a 500 error code from the API call.
```

> error code. In such cases, Nomad retries and eventually aims to kill such

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In such cases, Nomad retries and eventually aims to kill such
```

containers. However, if the Docker Engine remains unhealthy, subsequent retries
and stop attempts may still fail, and the started container becomes a dangling

> container that Nomad no longer manges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
container that Nomad no longer manages.
```

The newly added reaper periodically scans for such containers. It only targets
containers with a `com.hashicorp.nomad.allocation_id` label, or match Nomad's
conventions for naming and bind-mounts (i.e. `/alloc`, `/secrets`, `local`).
Containers that don't match Nomad container patterns are left untouched.

> Operators can run the reaper in a dry mode, where it only logs dangling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators can run the reaper in a dry run mode, where it only logs dangling
```

> Operators can run the reaper in a dry run mode, where it only logs dangling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operators can run the reaper in a dry-run mode, where it only logs dangling
```

> container ids without killing them, or simply disable it through

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
container ids without killing them, or disable it by setting
```
